Update avg aggregation (#9394)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _aggregations/metric/average.md

> # Average aggregations

Author: I've omitted scripts and histogram fields.

Scripts because they're covered in detail in Scripted Metric Aggregation.

Histogram fields because they don't seem to be supported anymore. Please confirm.

The `avg` metric is a single-value metric that returns the average value of a field.

## Parameters

> The `avg` aggregation takes the following parameters: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `avg` aggregation takes the following parameters.
```

| Parameter | Required/Optional | Data type       | Description |
| :--       | :--               | :--            | :--         |

> | `field`   | Required          | Numeric         | The field for which the average is computed    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `field`   | Required          | Numeric         | The field for which the average is computed.    |
```

Author: @kolchfa-aws True in general for the `missing` keyword, but the `avg` aggregation throws an error if the value isn't numeric. Maybe we should state that explicitly?

Also, it would be pretty slick to show an example where the missing values were replaced by the mean of the existing values. Maybe revisit this later?

Reviewer: The field's _contents_ need to be numeric. The `field` parameter must contain a string that specifies the field name (as in `"field": "gpa"`: `"gpa"` is a string).

> | `missing` | Optional          | Numeric         | Value to assign missing instances of the field |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `missing` | Optional          | Numeric         | Value to assign missing instances of the field. |
```

Reviewer: If you don't provide the `missing` field, are the missing values ignored?

Author: @kolchfa-aws Yes, the average is computed without them. I give an example and a counterexample.

Author: ```suggestion
| `missing` | Optional          | Float         | The value to assign to missing instances of the field. By default, `avg` omits missing values from the calculation. |
```

## Example

This example calculates the average of the `taxful_total_price` field in the commerce sample data:

```json

> GET opensearch_dashboards_sample_data_ecommerce/_search

Author: The convention seems to be to label the code block as JSON even though the GET statement isn't. Is that correct?

Reviewer: @dwelsch-esi Yes. We have a custom lexer that highlights methods.

>  This example calculates the average of the `taxful_total_price` field in the e-commerce sample data:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 The following example request calculates the average of the `taxful_total_price` field in the OpenSearch Dashboards e-commerce sample data:
```

```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

## Example response

> The response is as follows:

Reviewer: Could you make the intro sentence more descriptive? Something like "The response contains...."

  }
}
```

> The aggregation name (`avg_taxful_total_price`)  can be used as a key to retrieve the aggregation from the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the aggregation name (`avg_taxful_total_price`)  as a key to retrieve the aggregation from the response.
```

## Missing values

> You can assign a value to missing instances of the aggregated field. See [Missing aggregations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/aggregations/bucket/missing/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can assign a value to missing instances of the aggregated field. See [Missing aggregations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/aggregations/bucket/missing/) for more information.
```

> Prepare an example by inserting an index as follows. Note that the second document is missing a `gpa` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prepare an example index by ingesting the following documents. Note that the second document is missing a `gpa` value:
```

```json
POST _bulk
{ "create": { "_index": "students", "_id": "1" } }
{ "name": "John Doe", "gpa": 3.89, "grad_year": 2022}
{ "create": { "_index": "students", "_id": "2" } }
{ "name": "Jonathan Powers", "grad_year": 2025 }
{ "create": { "_index": "students", "_id": "3" } }
{ "name": "Jane Doe", "gpa": 3.52, "grad_year": 2024 }
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

### Example: Replacing a missing value

> Take the average, replacing the missing GPA field with 0:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take the average, replacing the missing GPA field with `0`:
```

```json
GET students/_search
{
  "size": 0,
  "aggs": {
    "avg_gpa": {
      "avg": {
        "field": "gpa",
        "missing": 0
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> The response is as follows. Compare to the next example, where missing values are ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response is as follows. Compare to the next example, where missing values are ignored:
```

> The response is as follows. Compare to the next example, where missing values are ignored:

Reviewer 2: @dwelsch-esi We need a little more context here. Let's rewrite to indicate what this particular response demonstrates to the user (same comment as on line 178 in [this PR](https://github.com/opensearch-project/documentation-website/pull/9420/files)).

Author: ```suggestion
As shown in the following example response, the aggregation returns the average `gpa` with `0` substituted for the missing value. Compare this to the next example, where missing values are ignored:
```

```json
{
  "took": 12,
  "timed_out": false,
  "_shards": {
    "total": 1,
    "successful": 1,
    "skipped": 0,
    "failed": 0
  },
  "hits": {
    "total": {
      "value": 3,
      "relation": "eq"
    },
    "max_score": null,
    "hits": []
  },
  "aggregations": {
    "avg_gpa": {
      "value": 2.4700000286102295
    }
  }
}
```

### Example: Ignoring a missing value

> Take the average, but without assigning the `missing` parameter:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Take the average but without assigning the `missing` parameter:
```

```json
GET students/_search
{
  "size": 0,
  "aggs": {
    "avg_gpa": {
      "avg": {
        "field": "gpa"
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> The aggregator calculates the average, omitting documents with missing values in the field (the default behavior):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The aggregator calculates the average, omitting documents containing missing field values (the default behavior):
```

  }
}
```

The aggregation name (`avg_taxful_total_price`)  can be used as a key to retrieve the aggregation from the response.

## Missing values

> You can assign a value to missing instances of the aggregated field. See [Missing Aggregations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/aggregations/bucket/missing/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can assign a value to missing instances of the aggregated field. See [Missing aggregations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/aggregations/bucket/missing/).
```

> Prepare an example by inserting an index as follows:

Author: @kolchfa-aws 

I swiped this example from the tutorials.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
```

> DELETE /students

Reviewer: You can assume that the index has not been created yet.
```suggestion
```

POST _bulk
{ "create": { "_index": "students", "_id": "1" } }
{ "name": "John Doe", "gpa": 3.89, "grad_year": 2022}
{ "create": { "_index": "students", "_id": "2" } }
{ "name": "Jonathan Powers", "grad_year": 2025 }
{ "create": { "_index": "students", "_id": "3" } }
{ "name": "Jane Doe", "gpa": 3.52, "grad_year": 2024 }
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

### Example: Replacing a missing value

Take the average, replacing the missing GPA field with 0:

```json
GET students/_search
{
  "size": 0,
  "aggs": {
    "avg_gpa": {
      "avg": {
        "field": "gpa",
        "missing": 0
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

The response is as follows. Compare to the next example, where missing values are ignored.

```json

> {

Author: I've seen the response truncated to just show the aggregations section. Is this something that should be done, or do we want the entire response shown in every case?

Reviewer: If the response contains a lot of extraneous information, it's fine showing it truncated. If it's a short one like this, then we can show the full response. Also, you can show responses as closed `details` blocks. That way users can expand them if they're interested. In this case, a descriptive intro sentence that spells out exactly what the users should notice is great because they can either just read the sentence or open and examine the response. For formatting the `details` block, see https://github.com/opensearch-project/documentation-website/blob/main/FORMATTING_GUIDE.md#collapsible-blocks.

  "took": 12,
  "timed_out": false,
  "_shards": {
    "total": 1,
    "successful": 1,
    "skipped": 0,
    "failed": 0
  },
  "hits": {
    "total": {
      "value": 3,
      "relation": "eq"
    },
    "max_score": null,
    "hits": []
  },
  "aggregations": {
    "avg_gpa": {
      "value": 2.4700000286102295
    }
  }
}
```

### Example: Ignoring a missing value

Take the average, but without assigning the `missing` parameter:

```json
GET students/_search
{
  "size": 0,
  "aggs": {
    "avg_gpa": {
      "avg": {
        "field": "gpa"
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> The aggregator calculate the average, omitting documents with missing values in the field (the default behavior).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aggregator calculates the average, omitting documents with missing values in the field (the default behavior):
```
